[MS] Update no organization homepage (#10718)
Scille/parsec-cloud: newsfragments/10718.misc.rst

> Add a new section to the homepage to allow new users to add a web browser.

Reviewer: See my suggestion in previous review
```suggestion
Improved web homepage to better guide existing Parsec users on how to start using the web app
```
